CES 2013 coverage continues this time
around I'm at the TCL booth now you may
not have heard their name but you know
what they've got a hand when it comes to
help it sell products they're the OEM
bracket on you can see a device right
here the one touch and that's pop it's
one of their devices how's it going guys
a mirror and baker from technobuffalo
here on location in Las Vegas and we're
taking a look at this little hinge
arrange Android device Small Wonders
they call it X Y Z Android 4.1 out of
the gauge you can see here I've
conveniently reading off of this thing
and pretending like I know about this
device that's the joy of CES there's
just so much that comes out it's hard to
keep track of all the goodies Android
4.1 3.5 inch hvga display 3.2 megapixel
camera quad-band gsm is got a 1
gigahertz CPU I'm imagining that single
core but I could be wrong with double
check on that just to make sure two
gigabytes end user memory microSD card
support up to 32 gigabytes you're
running Android 4.1 on this device so
that is a pro granted the specs aren't
all the way up to par compared to
something like the droid DNA at galaxy
s3 galaxy note 2 which guy you know what
a pretty decent specs you go you can see
Android 4.1 apps downloaded in widgets
out of the gate you've got a
notification bar head it's a little bit
different kind of customized with some
shortcuts up top you see the screen is a
lower resolution screen but again an a
price point it's paramount here and you
know it's a device at least in the US
market speaking based on my experience
in the US market this is going to be one
of those devices you can get on the
prepaid carrier for 100 bucks as opposed
to paying five or six hundred dollars
the galaxy s3 this is the Alcatel One S
pop and it's at CES 2013 I'm Aaron Baker
for techno Buffalo i'm on twitter aaron
c Baker taking the Buffaloes on twitter
at technobuffalo and be sure to continue
following along on our coverage of CES
2013 in Las Vegas it's big pretty boots
and there's plenty more where that came
from because I'm just in the central
hall right now I got a lot of walking to
do my friend stay tuned for more
coverage on technobuffalo as always
we'll see you next time
you